okay so this is just supposed to be a
real quick video had done on the iphone
that's the poor quality but whatever and
sorry about the shaken but it's bloody
free today this morning so it's slightly
morning I've come down hopefully to pick
up my new bike and this is what I
arrived on I borrowed it the other day
it's a brilliant mana 850 first and
pretty I've ever written it started
which always bonus hang it looks the
bollocks oh that's great it's halfway
between some kind of Gladius thing
but that I think looks really and I can
is that our be king style tank it's
great weird things this tank a plastic
be not real it's not actually if you'll
dangerously looks like one that's a full
face helmet at RIT about going bothered
you actually fill up under the seat and
a weird there's a key in the back here I
had the chains on the wrong side
obviously what else we got we've also
got this weird thing calls a gear mode
which is because if we come round there
is no clutch there is a shifter so you
can do it in semi also or fully
automatic I've been write it in fully
auto and it's like 130 mile an hour
scooter asthmapolis complete insanity
you can't fill the gear changes the
weird thing is it clutches in about 18
miles an hour if you haven't got any
rose on at all which is interesting also
gotta try and remember not to not to try
and flush in there the lies obviously
but not the rental ice I think John got
clutch so your rabbit thinks you want to
go so it tries to go oh thank you had
like the last thing that I wanted to
point out real quick was this this is a
hand brake I thought any Harley SAT hand
brakes I'm cutting bandsaw music it's a
yeah it's got a nice cool would you like
the side suspension
that's right it as far as i can remember
so yeah I catch you going sir next